Add Tracer (#1389)
boostercloud/booster: website/docs/10_going-deep/instrumentation.md

# Booster instrumentation

## Trace Decorator
The Trace Decorator is a **Booster** functionality that facilitates the reception of notifications whenever significant events occur in Booster's core, such as event dispatching or migration execution.

### Usage

> To configure a custom tracer, you need to define an object with two methods: onStart and onEnd. The onStart method is called before the traced method is invoked, and the onEnd method is called after the method completes. Both methods receive a TraceInfo object, which contains information about the traced method and its arguments.

Reviewer: You eventually called the type `TraceParameters`, instead of TraceInfo (which, BTW, I like more)

Author: ok :)

Here's an example of a custom tracer that logs trace events to the console:

```typescript
import {
  TraceParameters,
  BoosterConfig,
  TraceActionTypes,
} from '@boostercloud/framework-types'

class MyTracer {
  onStart(config: BoosterConfig, actionType: TraceActionTypes, traceParameters: TraceParameters): void {
    console.log(`Start ${TraceActionTypes[actionType]}: ${traceParameters.className}.${traceParameters.methodName}`)
  }

  onEnd(config: BoosterConfig, actionType: TraceActionTypes, traceParameters: TraceParameters): void {
    console.log(`End ${TraceActionTypes[actionType]}: ${traceParameters.className}.${traceParameters.methodName}`)
  }
}
```

You can then configure the tracer in your Booster application's configuration:

```typescript
import { BoosterConfig } from '@boostercloud/framework-types'
import { MyTracer } from './my-tracer'

const myTracer = new MyTracer()
const config: BoosterConfig = {
// ...other configuration options...
  trace: {
    enableTraceNotification: true,

>     verbose: false,

Reviewer: Verbose? I think this is not in the configuration

Author: it is `includeInternal`. I renamed it and forgot the docs

    onStart: await myTracer.onStart,

>     onEnd: await myTracer.onStart,

Reviewer: These awaits are wrong here

Author: ouch!

  }
}
```

> In the configuration above, we've enabled trace notifications and specified our onStart and onEnd as the methods to use. Verbose disable will reduce the amount of information generated excluding the internal parameter in the response. 

Reviewer: Same here, we are talking about "Verbose". Maybe you wanted to say `includeInternal`? Also you say `excluding the internal parameter in the response`, What is the "internal parameter"? Also, I guess you wanted to say in the `trace parameters` not `in the response`, correct?

Anyway, I don't think there is a need to exclude information in the trace parameters. It can always be there, it doesn't hurt

Author: Yes, it's `includeInternal`. The `internal` parameter is in the documentation:

```
  internal: {
    target: unknown
    descriptor: PropertyDescriptor
  }
```

Regarding this parameter I think it's very useful as the methods (onStart and onEnd) are receiving an object with all the information. If you log the object (to console, file, etc...) and don’t exclude that property you may run into problems because of the size of the object. If the destination is a file you may end up having space problems for example. So it is very useful to give that option to the user.

> By default, all traceable actions are disabled, but you can enable all of them or selectively enable only specific actions using an array of TraceActionTypes.

Reviewer: Suggestion. Feel free to take it or leave it
```suggestion
Setting `enableTraceNotification: true` would enable the trace for all actions. You can either disable them by setting it to `false` or selectively enable only specific actions using an array of TraceActionTypes.
```

Author: love it, thanks!

```typescript
import { BoosterConfig, TraceActionTypes } from '@boostercloud/framework-types'
import { MyTracer } from './my-tracer'

const myTracer = new MyTracer()
const config: BoosterConfig = {
// ...other configuration options...
  trace: {
    enableTraceNotification: [TraceActionTypes.DISPATCH_EVENT, TraceActionTypes.MIGRATION_RUN],
    verbose: false,
    onStart: await myTracer.onStart,

>     onEnd: await myTracer.onStart,

Author: yeah

  }
}
```

In this example, only DISPATCH_EVENT and MIGRATION_RUN actions will trigger trace notifications.

### TraceActionTypes
The TraceActionTypes enum defines all the traceable actions in Booster's core:

```typescript
export enum TraceActionTypes {
  CUSTOM,
  EVENT_HANDLERS_PROCESS,
  HANDLE_EVENT,
  DISPATCH_ENTITY_TO_EVENT_HANDLERS,
  DISPATCH_EVENTS,
  FETCH_ENTITY_SNAPSHOT,
  STORE_SNAPSHOT,
  LOAD_LATEST_SNAPSHOT,
  LOAD_EVENT_STREAM_SINCE,
  ENTITY_REDUCER,
  READ_MODEL_FIND_BY_ID,
  GRAPHQL_READ_MODEL_SEARCH,
  READ_MODEL_SEARCH,
  COMMAND_HANDLER,
  MIGRATION_RUN,
  GRAPHQL_DISPATCH,
  GRAPHQL_RUN_OPERATION,
  SCHEDULED_COMMAND_HANDLER,
  DISPATCH_SUBSCRIBER_NOTIFIER,
  READ_MODEL_SCHEMA_MIGRATOR_RUN,
  SCHEMA_MIGRATOR_MIGRATE,
}
```

### TraceParameters
The TraceParameters interface defines the data that is passed to the tracer's onBefore and onAfter methods:

```typescript
export interface TraceParameters {
  className: string
  methodName: string
  args: Array<unknown>
  traceId: UUID
  elapsedInvocationMillis?: number
  internal: {
    target: unknown
    descriptor: PropertyDescriptor
  }
  description?: string
}
```

> className and methodName identify the function that is being traced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`className` and `methodName` identify the function that is being traced.
```

### Adding the Trace Decorator to Your Own Methods

> In addition to using the Trace Decorator to receive notifications when events occur in Booster's core, you can also use it to trace your own methods. To add the Trace Decorator to your own methods, simply add @Trace() before your method declaration.

Reviewer: If we eventually allow the user to use their own action names, this would need to change
